General:
0. Refactor shaders node to use the same code for all shader types.
Priority: 3, Difficulty: 2
1. Add support for reordering shaders in shaders nodes.
Priority: 5, Difficulty: 2
2. (low) Allow rendering to named frame buffers.
Priority: 2, Difficulty: 7
3. Advanced control of OpenGL settings in shaders.
Priority: 2, Difficulty: 5
4. Larger shader preview popup.
Priority: 2, Difficulty :2
5. Previews for some shader nodes.
Priority: 3, Difficulty: 8
6. Shortcut to create and connect a property, when clicking on node circle in graph.
Priority: 1, Difficulty: 4
7. Figure out why Gradient node is difficult to close (click on button).
Priority: 2, Difficulty: 6
8. Stencil support.
Priority: 1, Difficulty: 7
9. Pipeline transitions (i.e. between scenes).
Priority: 2, Difficulty: 8
10. Add different types of rending output from pipeline - fit, fill, etc.
Priority: 6, Difficulty: 3

Sprite shader:
1. Split support for uniforms per shader and per sprite.
Priority: 6, Difficulty: 3

Model shader:
1. Redesign how models are added, they should be added with a tag and an interface that returns all the info required to render.
Priority: 7, Difficulty: 5
2. Rewrite how default models can be added using an adapter, that registers all the models into the pipeline with the tag(s).
Priority: 7, Difficulty: 3
3. Add support for custom attributes being specified explicitly.
Priority: 7, Difficulty: 4
4. The shaders node should allow to define the order of rendering - shader by shader, models front-to-back, models back-to-front.
Priority: 8, Difficulty: 5
5. Shadows support.
Priority: 8, Difficulty: 10

Particle shader:
1. Split support for uniforms per shader, per effect, and per particle.
Priority: 6, Difficulty: 4
2. Add support for defining geometry of the particles.
Priority: 2, Difficulty: 6
3. Add support for line particles.
Priority: 2, Difficulty: 5
4. Remove the particle generation from the libgdx-graph itself, this should be a job for the library user. Instead provide
default implementation for a generic particle generator.
Priority: 5, Difficulty: 5
